# Trash-Card-Game
Trash is a game where two players use one standard deck of 52 cards. The object of the game is to be the first player to complete your layout of ten cards Ace through Ten (A,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10). If a king is replacing any of those cards, that still counts as a win. In the game, each player is dealt ten cards face down in two rows of five cards each. Players are not allowed to look at their cards. The remaining cards are placed face down to form the deck pile. 

To start, player 1 takes one card from the deck.  If the card is any card Ace through ten, the player places that card in its correct location in the layout (the top left card of the layout is the 1 or Ace position, then 2, 3, etc.).  To do this, the player must remove the face down card that is occupying that location and turn it face up. This card, in turn, is placed in its appropriate location, if available, displacing the face down card that was there. This continues until the player finds a card that cannot be placed - a Queen or a Jack or a number card whose location is already occupied by a face up card with that number. The player must then discard the unplayable card, placing it face up on the table next to the stock pile to begin a discard pile, and the turn to play passes to the next player.

The next player will begin their turn by drawing either the top card of the deck pile or the top card of the “trash” pile (the card discarded by the previous player). The player will then place their card face up in the correct location in their layout, if available, displacing the card that was there to its own location, and continue until they find an unplayable card, which they add to the top of the discard pile to end their turn.

Since Kings are wild, a King can be placed face up in any location containing a face down card, displacing the card that was there. Also a pip card whose correct location currently contains a face up King can be placed in that location displacing the King, which can then be moved to any other location with a face down card, displacing the card that was there.
